The next thing that we're going to get
into is a section on the power of control.
Or the Ctr L key.
So Signals and
the Power of CTR is where we are.
So the Ctrl key, which is like the yeah,
it's one of the keys on
your keyboard right CTRL or
control is used quite
a bit within the terminal.
It's actually used so much and
I never use my Caps Lock key that I've
actually remapped my
Caps Lock key to be control,
because then I don't have to reach all
the way to the bottom left of my keyboard.
That's like an extra like quarter
calorie that I don't have to spend.
So I remapped my caps lock to that and
I also accidentally hit caps
lock all the time, so
I actually have a little tip at the end.
If you want to see how to do that.
I'll show you how to do that
at the very end of the course.
No I actually have it right here.
I have it on there twice.
Okay, so for Mac,
I have the tip there and Windows there,
you can just click on that and
it'll show you how to do that.
So I'm gonna show you a few of them.
Some of these are more
important than the other.
But let's go ahead and
get started with some of these.
So one of them if I start typing and
I wanna go to the very beginning, I can
hit Control A and that'll actually take
my cursor all the way to the beginning.
And I can start going from there.
And by the same token, if I hit Control E,
that'll take me all the way to the end.
I'm sure you could use like home and
end keys if you have those,
I don't have those on my keyboard.
So but if you had those,
you could definitely use those as well.
But Ctrl+A and Ctrl+E will do
that within the command line.
There's another one here called
which I use it mostly as a delete,
so if I hit control K,
it's actually going to
delete everything after the cursor, right?
It's actually doing something called yank,
which people don't really
use as much anymore.
But before there was really a clipboard
and copy and paste, there was yank.
So I can actually can hit Ctrl y, and
that's actually going to paste
back everything I yanked and
it's not copy and paste because
it does not go to your clipboard.
It's a separate buffer
called the yank buffer.
I don't know if it's called the yank
buffer, but that's what I call it.
So Ctrl k will yank everything before and
Ctrl u,
I believe what yank everything before.
And again Ctrl y is the paste for
that yank buffer.
Now you might ask like,
when would I actually use that?
I only really use it to delete right?
Like I'm sure some of you have
used cut to delete things right?
It's kind of the same idea
of why I use yank here.
There's more granular ways
of doing doing yank as well.
You can like yank words,
you can do characters at a time.
But I really only use K and
U to delete everything to the end or
everything to the beginning.
We talked about before, but
if you hit Ctrl L that clears the screen.
And then CTRL R is what does
the reverse search, right?
There's more than what I just
showed you right there, but
I just showed you all
the ones that I personally
use on some cadence that I actually
use enough to remember, okay?
So those are just shortcuts.
They're not doing really anything special.
They're just simple shortcuts for
you to get going.
And the reason why I like yank
in particular as useful is like,
I can't actually like,
highlight all this and hit delete.
The highlight delete doesn't work because
it doesn't track your mouse position
within the terminal.
So that's why I actually bothered to learn
Ctrl U to delete everything on the line.